Add documentation for startup script. (#846)
napari/docs: docs/tutorials/fundamentals/features.md

Images and other data files are not the only thing that napari can read! You can also run any python script in napari by [drag'n'dropping](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/drag_and_drop_python_code.py) the script onto the viewer. When a script is opened with napari the first viewer instance created by the script will be replaced with the current existing viewer.

This feature is especially useful for quickly testing or distributing code snippets without needing to leave the viewer or touch the console.

## Startup script

Since napari 0.6.5 it is possible to set a script that will be run every time napari starts.
This can be done by providing a script path in a Settings » Application » Startup script.

> This is useful for adding a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be useful, for example, for adding a 
```

[custom colormap](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/dev/settings_startup_script.py)

> or loading a specific plugin every time napari starts.

Reviewer: My understanding is that the startup script is equivalent to just drag-n-drop a script immediately on a viewer? I mean in terms of order of operations and overall behavior.
Is that correct? if so, then let's mention that.

Author: Yes. Did you have a suggestion?

Reviewer 2: @psobolewskiPhD what other behavior would there be? Pardon my confusion but isn't opening napari just running a series of code steps, this included?I guess we can explicitly state it but hard to imagine some other functionality, for me.

> or loading a specific plugin every time napari starts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since napari 0.6.5 it is possible to provide a script that will be run every time napari starts.
This can be done by providing a script path in Settings » Application » Startup script.
This can be useful, for example, for adding a 
[custom colormap](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/examples/dev/settings_startup_script.py)
or loading a specific plugin every time napari starts.
```

```{note}

> This feature is intended only for users. Plugin are not allowed to modify this setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is intended only for users. Plugins should not modify this setting.
```
Right? they physically can, but they should not.

Reviewer 3: They actually can't, not by using plugin machinery.

Author: It is blocked in the code. To set it from the plugin, you need to hack.

```

> As other settings, value of this field could be overridden by setting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As other settings, the value of this field can be overridden by setting the
```

> As other settings, the value of this field can be overridden by setting the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As with other settings, the value of this field can be overridden by setting the
```
